"I found the French and German attitude has lingered longer than I thought it might, and longer than it is in anyone's interests," Howard said.

"I see it as the other times you would be on the ice and compete. You can't justify spending four years of your life for just one moment. Some might, but I am not one of those athletes."

"I thought President Chen would not do such a thing, but it seems he might," he said.

"I thought that I might, I thought it'll be a little more low key," she concedes, but adds: "I don't feel disappointed."

"I would like to continue speaking if I might," U.S. Ambassador Richard T. Miller barked at James P. Rubin during a session of the 54-nation council on poverty reduction.

"It involves certain kinds of dress, certain kinds of festivities, celebrations, feasts or food. I'd like to emphasize the feasts, if I might," Yauch says. "You don't just nosh, you feast, you don't just throw on some clothes, you get dressed, and these are the differentiations."

"My groundstrokes have also improved and I have become a more solid player. Recently I have won matches when I have not served as well as I might, so I must be improving in other parts of the game."

"No, but I might," she told Leno.

"The US teams have not joined interrogations yet. Later they might," he said.

"They're not intended to be definitive. They're intended to distinguish those who don't have cancer from those who might," said Robert Smith, director of screening for the American Cancer Society.

''If you're out 20 games in September, you might,'' he said.

At this point President Clinton intervened: "I think I have to just say one thing, if I might, since I got zapped by Abraham Lincoln.

If Vladimir Putin becomes Russia's prime minister, as he indicated he might, it would allow him to square the circle -- letting him keep his promise of stepping down as president without relinquishing power.

If the potato and grain shortage does not cause famine, Russia's economic crisis might, other economic officials warned Thursday.

If the potato shortage does not cause famine, Russia's economic crisis might, other economic officials warned Thursday.

Recently I have won matches when I have not served as well as I might, so I must be improving in other parts of the game."

Were Lucien Bouchard to quit politics, as he suggested he might, it would be a devastating blow to the separatists, removing the only leader with a proven ability to electrify audiences and win over wavering nationalists.

When asked if this felt as good as she thought it might, Amman smiled and replied: ``Better.''

Without quicker closure, England has prolonged its national wake longer than it otherwise might, and attention has turned to organizations perceived as lacking deference to the moment.

``Even if you want to include children of migrants and grandchildren of migrants and great-grandchildren of migrants (in the tally of Asian-Australians), and I imagine some people might, the figures are no more alarming,'' he said.

``For better or worse, we have some experience in Africa, and find it a bit easier than some really high-tech companies might,'' said Andre Parker, head of SAB's Indol subsidiary that runs the African investments.

``I didn't think I had a chance, but after nine holes, I thought I might,'' Sorenstam said. ``I played a little more aggressively on the back nine.''

``I'm reasonably sanguine, and I'll tell you why,'' he said. ``I don't think it's as partisan an issue as you might, perhaps. And that is because ... it was a very different world'' when former President Reagan first proposed a space-based missile defense aimed at stopping an all-out Soviet missile attack.

``If you're out 20 games in September, you might,'' he said.

"A number of Fed speakers have said that inflation is at the top of what they can be comfortable with. Against that background, unless pronounced weakness shows up, it is hard to see the Fed going on pause as (Fed chief Ben) Bernanke has just suggested it might."

"At most a few countries might. Half perhaps ... will not meet those criteria. And of course there are 12 additional countries who are applying to join the Eurepean Union who will also not meet those criteria."

"He's got a refreshing way of being the anti-anchor," he said. "He's not quote-unquote reporting at you. He's just being himself. He's asking the questions you would like answered. He's getting involved the way you might. You feel that he's a regular person that you can trust talking to you. He brings such a passion to the storytelling that's infectious."

"I am not saying we are going to increase interest rates. I am saying we might. But certainly I don't think we are going to be reducing interest rates."

"I have used (marijuana) in the past. And every blue moon or every once in a while I might."

"We don't intend to raise it," he said. "Our interlocutors might."

"We're disappointed with the result," he said. "A defeat is a defeat whether you lose 1-0, 2-0, 3-0 or 4-0. The first half went pretty much as we thought it might. England had a lot of the ball, but apart from an opportunity Rooney had they didn't have a lot of chances and Robinson probably made the save of the match from Hartson."

"Well, we'd certainly come into this scene with momentum," he said. "We also know that we may not win New Hampshire, although, you know, who knows, we might. We've overperformed rather than underperformed every step of this journey," he said.

A: I might.

About one in six couples have trouble conceiving. Experts say the new his-and-hers test kit, Fertell, while certainly not definitive, could flag more difficulties than current home tests, prompting would-be parents to see a specialist earlier than they otherwise might.

Asked if Powell would meet with them, Boucher said: "We'll see if that could involve the secretary. It might."

Asked if Powell, due back Friday after a visit to North Africa and Europe, will meet with Beilin and Abed Rabbo, Boucher said: "We'll see if that could involve the secretary. It might."

Asked if Powell, due back Friday after a visit to North Africa and Europe, will meet with Beilin and Rabbo, Boucher said: "We'll see if that could involve the secretary. It might."

Asked if Powell, due back Friday after a visit to north Africa and Europe, will meet with Beilin and Rabbo, Boucher said: "We'll see if that could involve the secretary. It might."

Asked if Powell, due back in Washington Friday after a visit to North Africa and Europe, would meet with them, Boucher said: "We'll see if that could involve the secretary. It might."

Asked if he thought Singapore would agree to reopen the case, Gancayco said "they might. We put it down, one by one. We analyzed their system of justice."

But earlier in Jerusalem he said: "The United States does notlve the secretary. It might."

But other Shiite clerics and their followers might. One success the United States and its allies have had in neutralizing dissent has been its handling of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. He's kept his militia quiet since a cease-fire agreement in the holy city of Najaf, and fighting in the Shiite district of Baghdad's Sadr City ended in April.

Clinton replied: ''Yes, I understand, but I think they wouldn't be frightened if they understand the exact nature of the difference. ... If the U.S. has a missile defense that can stop a couple of missiles from North Korea, does it have the potential to upset what has kept us safe all these years, which is mutual deterrence? We say no, the Russians say it might. So we're trying to work that through.''

Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller said of Kay's briefing: ``There was talk about facilities that might. There was talk about intent. But there was not talk about weapons of mass destruction. ... There's nothing we can point to and they're asking for another six to nine months.''

Friel frames the play with Tom's visits to his mentally disturbed daughter, a haunting performance by Woodwyn Koons. These meetings are where Tom's imagination really soars -- making up fanciful stories for an offspring, who, perhaps, will never hear, much less understand, them. Then again, she might. Friel seems to be saying it is a chance every writer must take.

His poor play was in line with the team-wide disappointment. The last-place Rangers no longer needed him, so by letting him go, he can try finding another team that might.

In 2000, they didn't matter. This time, they might.

In Bush's deliberations, Keating has the advantage of being anti-abortion and would thus not rile religious right voters as Pataki and Ridge, both abortion rights supporters, might.

It remains unclear whether the death of Lindh at the hands of a knife-wielding assailant will bring out a large sympathy vote for the euro -- although some people suggested it might.

On Wednesday, an official with the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development was quoted as saying the EBRD doesn't plan to loan any money to restructure the Russian banking system this year. There had been speculation that it might.

One member of the panel, former Indiana Rep. Tim Roemer, had it exactly right when he said getting the facts won't kill us, but not getting them might. The commission needs as many of the pertinent facts as it can get in order to complete a thorough and comprehensive report on what led to the nearly 3,000 American deaths in the Sept. 11 attacks. ... Congress should approve the extension as soon as possible. _ _ _

Plavsic's lawyers said Wednesday that her plea bargain did not include an agreement to testify against Milosevic, although they didn't rule out the possibility she might.

Rumsfeld would not say whether he plans to remain the full four years of Bush's presidency, but in response to a question about how long U.S. troops would be in Iraq he seemed to suggest that he might.

Still, all those injuries may mean that Chelsea fans at the 80,000-seat Wembley should get a chance to see their team's new players earlier than they otherwise might.

That's how Peruvians get live coverage of hostage releases and other activity outside the residence. Television channels switch to live coverage immediately, whenever anything happens or looks like it might.

The Confederation of British Industry, a trade group for manufacturers, expressed relief that the bank didn't raise the base rate by 0.5 percentage points, as some had predicted it might.

The president did not show up at a mass rally held in front of the Presidential Office in Taipei that day, belying earlier press speculation that he might. The pro-Chen rally, sponsored by a pro-independence group, is aimed at countering a week-long sit-in launched by Shih that concluded the previous evening to pressure the president to resign over a spate of corruption allegations implicating himself, members of his family and senior aides.

The question now is whether this will lead to even more serious repercussions for Putin -- and the first hints are that it might.

They might. Yugoslavia matched the US starters, but lacked the bench depth to stay with the NBA stars for 40 minutes. But improved numbers is only a function of time and effort, Stockton figures.

Tropical Storm Erin, the fifth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season, trekked across the open ocean Monday, not growing as fast as forecasters had thought it might.

With Beijing's acceptance of Li still up in the air, National Chengchi University foreign relations professor Lin Bih-jaw said in Taipei that out of consideration of the national interest, the ROC government should not speak of boycotting the APEC summit in protest, as some observers have conjectured it might.

Yeltsin is constitutionally prohibited from seeking a third term in 2000, and has said that he does not plan to run. But his aides have occasionally hinted that he might. They argue that Yeltsin's first term began during Soviet times and should not count toward the two-term limit.

``They're extremely open-minded about talent,'' says Robert Newman, an agent at International Creative Management who has several clients making Dimension films. Adds Woods: ``A lot of talented filmmakers who might not have contemplated making a film in the genre now might.''

``You have to remember we have been in battle for a long period. At the moment we are under very heavy threats of terror attacks in Hebron and other places inside Israel,'' said Eitan. He said it was his understanding the man had ``acted in a suspicious way,'' perhaps the way a suicide bomber might. He did not elaborate.

''If you're out 20 games in September, you might,'' he said.
