"And that force might, in some circumstances, be used against those who plan and perpetrate such acts and those harboring them, if that is necessary to avert further such terrorist acts."

"At the heart of Mahatma Gandhi's philosophy of non-violence was his belief that strength comes from righteousness, not force," she added. "Power comes from truth, not might, victory comes from moral courage, not imposed submission."

"I kept shaking my head and tried to push him off with all my might," she said, tears rolling down her face.

"I perfectly understand their (Filipinos') worries," Ramos said. "But we must also remember that national security is not just a matter of weaponry, that right does not depend on military might, and that it is dangerous to equate vigilance with military spending."

"I think as you go into '08, all these people who have been jumping up and down about this policy and ignoring the truth have misled America, and they have misled us into the most costly, disgraceful and unnecessary use of American might," Kerry said.

"I think he's exactly the man who might, perhaps, make a breakthrough. I'm very hopeful, especially since he's a Sunni," he told AFP.

"I wouldn't expect too open a reaction from China -- they are certainly careful in making any kind of concessions which might, in their perspective, endanger China's domestic growth and therefore cause problems of social security and domestic stability," said Eberhard Sandschneider, a China expert at German Council on Foreign Relations.

"If there is terror from Gaza, we will hit back with all our might, whether or not there are negotiations in progress," Olmert said.

"If you believe America should fight the war on terror with all our might," Bush said in one of his final rallies, "stand with me."

"It's just that every shot I had I used with all my might," he said. "He was the best man."

"Neil Lennon might, after four and a half years here, decide that he wants to try something else," added O'Neill whose team are just a point behind leaders and arch Glasgow rivals Rangers at the top of the Scottish Premier League.

"Otherwise, we will send the wrong message to the dictators in Beijing that China can have its way with its military might, " Chen said.

"The European Union and the United States oppose Taiwan's U.N. membership bid to further their own interests, which owe much to China's growing might," Hsieh said, adding, however, that he was more astonished to hear opposition from within Taiwan.

"They are trying to make us forget our history. We must resist this with revolutionary might," the archbishop told a group of school children in northern Greece.

"They might, however, listen to religious arguments about the nature of jihad, that, while anti-Western, eschew terrorism. The latter may be a more appropriate sphere for information operations," he was quoted as saying.

"Those who raise a hand against a soldier or a police officer or a security officer ... we will act against him with all our might," Sharon told the soldiers.

"Those who raise a hand against a soldier or a police officer or a security officer ... we will act against him with all our might," he said.

"We must take the important factor into consideration that China has a population of 1.2 billion" when assessing its economic might, the premier said. Even if current momentum is maintained, it will take China some 30 years to modernise and until the middle of next century to become a "relatively developed nation," he said.

"We swear by God that nothing will prevent us from striking with our full might, which we derive from depending on God," anyone who ignores the offer, Abdullah said.

"We think that, in total, the aggregate number of those who have already left and who might, possibly, still want to leave could reach 80,000," a spokesman for the United Nations said in Zagreb.

"We think that, in total, the aggregate number of those who have already left and who might, possibly, still want to leave could reach 80,000," another UN spokesman said in Zagreb.

"We will operate with all our might, but we won't give in to blackmail," Olmert told a business conference in the southern town of Sderot. "We won't negotiate with terror elements and we won't let anyone believe that kidnapping is a tool to bring Israel to its knees."

"What the government is doing to prevent crimes can prompt nothing but irony. Instead of undermining their financial might, we try to track down criminals in the street," he said. Several deputies issued similar statements.

"With Taiwan's economic strength, there is no reason, other than objections from Beijing, for it to be shut out of an East Asia free trade area." He added that with its rising economic might, the mainland is playing the role of a locomotive to orchestrate Asian integration.

"With such might, who can possibly compete with us?" Dzhabrailov says gazing at the sea of green covering the Caucasian republic where Russian soldiers have been fighting Chechen separatists for four years.

"You cannot win this war on the battlefield, because there is none," said Gerges. "You're facing an unconventional war. The more you rely on military might, the more you lose the war of ideas against Al-Qaeda and the militants.

A recent report by the International Crisis Group said: "A negotiated settlement need not necessarily remove Mugabe," adding: "He might, for example, serve as a non-executive head of state during a transitional period until new elections can be held."

A: Some in his administration hope they can deploy at least a minimal system by 2004, the final year of Bush's term. In his speech Tuesday, Bush said an anti-missile weapon aboard a ship or aircraft might provide a ``limited but effective'' defense that could be expanded and strengthened later. This might, for example, be a laser mounted on a Boeing 747 that could zap a hostile missile as it rises through the clouds in the early phase of its flight. The Air Force is working on such a system, which it calls the airborne laser, and some believe Bush will give it an infusion of money. 

Although a close US ally, Amman has so far steadfastly rejected any suggestion it might,p%tve as a key launch-pad for a US-led strike on Iraq, which supplies all Jordan's oil.

Although technically the mark, symbol of postwar Germany's economic might, will stop being legal tender on Jan. 1, 2002, stores and businesses will continue to accept it until Feb. 28 that year, along with the single European currency. 

As the result was announced an academic said Telecom was making too much money and might, as a result, attract attention from regulatory authorities.

At the par-3 16th, Mickelson's tee shot plugged in the lip of the bunker under the overhanging sod. Opening up his clubface and swinging with all his might, he popped the ball straight up in the air. When it landed softly on the green and rolled in, the massive gallery went wild.

Blumenthal said Beijing has in recent years continued to expand its military might, as well as update its weaponry and command and communications system.

But considering China's nuclear might, there is a possibility of it launching an atomic strike even before coming under attack, said Eric McVadon, an ex-defense attache at the American embassy in Beijing.

But having threatened the Serbs in the past with NATO might, he abandoned the threat when asked what ``sticks'' the United States was using to persuade the Serbs to relinquish their grip on Bihac. 

But not all the news was good for Yushchenko, perhaps one reason why he chose Biblical terms to blast domestic opponents who oppose NATO membership, suggesting they might, like the ancient Israelites wandering in the desert, need 40 years to see the error of their ways.

But what the Serbian army and 31 months of genocidal warfare couldn't destroy, the U.S. government might, Buric-Adam says. 

But with the continued expansion of China's military might, he claimed, military cooperation between Taiwan and the United States will become even closer.

But worriers are taught a set of simple mental exercises that help them concentrate. As a first step they might, for instance, be asked to concentrate on counting their breaths for half a minute or a minute, a surprisingly difficult task for people who ordinarily could not count to 10 without being distracted.

But, try as they might, the elephants were unable to overturn them, the newspaper reported. It was unclear whether the elephants, which can weigh up to six tons, caused any serious damage to the crafts. 

Call it the little city that couldn't. Try as it might, this once-proud industrial powerhouse just across the Delaware River from Philadelphia can't shake off decades of decline that have made its name synonymous with urban blight. 

Chen said he doubted that with China's growing economic might, Taiwan will be able to keep pace as its arms spending grows.

China, with its rising military and political might, has increased instability in the region, Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) Chairman Joseph Wu said Thursday.

Christopher, having threatened the Serbs in the past with NATO might, abandoned the threat when asked what ``sticks'' the United States was using to persuade the Serbs to relinquish their grip on Bihac. 

Clinton also recalled the "heroes" at home who helped win the war. President Franklin D. Roosevelt's leadership "awakened" US industrial might, he said, citing airplane production that jumped from 500 planes a month in 1940 to 8,000 a month by D-Day.

Dealers said few investors were prepared to weigh into the market while there remains some prospect the Reserve Bank of Australia might, on Wednesday, announce a 0.25 percentage point rise in its official cash rate.

Explaining the term "soft power, " Lien quoted the person who coined it, Prof. Joseph S. Nye of Harvard University, as having said that everyone is familiar with hard power, such as military and economic might, which often uses threats to get others to change their positions.

For all his might, Holyfield felt helpless as he saw the sickly youth.

For all of Kansas State's offensive might, two key interceptions by safety Jon McGraw loomed just as large Saturday. 

Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin indicated that France might, in the wake of the deal, be ready to support lifting sanctions against Libya.

Germany, which accounts for a third of Europe's economic might, under Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder also hasn't been showing the kind of leadership that Kohl did in promoting the euro and explaining its benefits to a skeptical population, said Angelika Volle, executive editor of Internationale Politik, the quarterly journal of the German Council on Foreign Relations. 

Hanging Ocalan would also put more strains on Turkey's already tense relationship with European neighbors who reject the death penalty. ... The most imaginative route for Turkey now might be to wait until today's passion and polemics fade away. Formally commuting the death sentence might, for now, strike Turkish voters as weak. But if Ocalan was alive, in prison, with a death sentence over his head, the PKK (Kurdistan Workers Party) might exercise more restraint; meanwhile, the Turkish Government would win time for a broader approach to the Kurdish question. This would let Turkey move towards taking its pragmatic interest, close ties with Europe, as seriously as its principles. 

He also indicated that France might, in the wake of the deal, be ready to see sanctions lifted against Libya.

He also said that the premise of the leader of the largest party serving as premier in a coalition government is based on the idea that the government has to include DPP members "compatible to its might, " referring to the fact that although the DPP saw its seats dramatically reduced, the ballots it received did not significantly decrease, as it had retained around 40 percent of its core supporters judging from the ballots it received.

He downplayed past US rhetoric on China's military might, alluding only in passing to the recent Pentagon report on Beijing's drive to reshape its armed forces.

He noted that China has continued to build up its military might, which not only threatens Taiwan's security but is also the cause of regional instability.

He noted that the conventional concept of national security is based on national defense and military might, but at present, the ROC has to take economic, diplomatic, environmental and cross-Taiwan Strait relations factors into consideration.

He said hopes of cross-strait peace lie not in the balance of military might, nor in the calculation of diplomatic victory or defeat, but in the two sides' ability to communicate and secure societal cooperation.

He said that the situation has become more serious with the expansion of Beijing's military might, adding that the gap between the two sides has widened.

He said the United States was still the dominant provider of security in the Asia-Pacific region but Japan and China, because of their economic might, would also want to be involved.

He said the same need for speedy release of election results holds for "any government officials who might, as a result of those elections, find themselves soon to be out of office."

He said the use of military force against Yugoslavia should be treated as a "special case." "It is difficult to come up with examples in other countries where NATO would be so ready to use its military might," he said.

He stressed that Taiwan must squarely face the reality of mainland China's growing economic power and military might, and seek the best means of maintaining peace across the Taiwan Strait accordingly.

Hopes that the FNL might, like other armed groups drawn from Burundi's large Hutu majority, reach a peace deal with the government were raised in January when President Domitien Ndayizeye met leaders of the movement for the first time, in the Netherlands.

Hosokawa departed from the text of his address to comment in an oblique reference to the United States: "Some member countries enjoyed the Thanksgiving holidays last week, which might, I'm afraid, affect the pace of negotiations."

However, Su said that because mainland China is "announcing to the whole world" that it is threatening Taiwan with military might, the international community should look at the problem seriously. He added that because of the mainland threats, the island has to continue acquiring arms for its self-defense.

In 2005 the NSW (New South Wales) Fair Trading Minister, Diane Beamer, conceded the public might be surprised to learn funeral directors were not licensed. What should be more surprising is that they are still not licensed, nor subject to a mandatory code of conduct, despite a string of distressing complaints to a state parliamentary inquiry. All it takes to operate a funeral parlour in NSW is a shingle, a phone and a large fridge. To suggest the entire funeral industry is riddled with malpractice would be wrong; many reputable companies provide compassionate and professional services to bereaved families. But what of the rogue operators storing bodies in unsanitary conditions, abusing corpses, mixing up body bags or stuffing carefully chosen funeral suits into closed coffins, instead of dressing the dead? Distraught relatives are caught between at least four government departments which might, or might not, have appropriate jurisdiction to hear them out.

In Yangon, there was a clear sense that the anti-democracy protests had once again failed in the face of the junta's overwhelming military might, which was last used in 1988 to crush a much larger uprising.

In Yangon, there was a palpable sense that the anti-democracy protests had once again failed in the face of the junta's overwhelming military might, which was last used in 1988 to crush a much larger uprising.

In a speech that traced the workings of currency traders, their financial might, attacks on currencies since July, how the World Trade Organisation could be brought into the picture, and the miseries such attacks caused, Dr Mahathir said: ``Much has been made about the eventual recovery of these countries but even if they do recover they would have lost a lot of their wealth and the fruits of their labour. 

In a speech to an international security conference here, Gates downplayed past US rhetoric on China's military might, alluding only in passing to a recent Pentagon report on Beijing's drive to reshape its armed forces.

In an attempt to show its might, the Zairian military Monday trotted out a dozen prisoners from Rwanda captured in eastern Zaire whom it had already put on display for reporters last week. 

In face of China's superior economic, military and diplomatic might, Taiwan should highlight its democratic values in order to compete, Wang said, adding that this will involve looking at the possibility of democratization in China.

In her speech, Merkel attacked Schroeder's economic record, pointing to sluggish growth and a jobless rate stuck around 10 percent. Playing to Germans' pride in their country's economic might, she pledged to make Germany the engine of Europe's economy again.

In spite of China's smile offensive and growing military might, Lin said there are still many opportunities for Taiwan, but Taiwan authorities must first of all work to build a party-government consensus and proceed to forge a national consensus.

In the days leading up to the vote, Chinese state television is broadcasting a series of special reports showcasing the country's military might, the CBC added.

In the face of China's continued expansion of its military might, Tsai has consistently advocated closer Taiwan-U.S.-Japan cooperation to maintain East Asian stability and peace, using the U.S.-Japan defense treaty and the Taiwan Relations Act as a platform.

India's army chief Nirmal Chandra Vij said troops would continue counter-insurgency operations during the winter with "full might," the Press Trust of India (PTI) news agency reported.

Israel's long-held concern that it could be targeted was registered again by Shalom. "The Iranians still continue to do everything they can in order to develop nuclear weapons that might, of course, be used against Israel," he said.

Japan is trying to enhance its international presence to match its economic might, but was forced to withdraw support for the US-led coalition in Afghanistan because of a domestic political dispute.

Like Edwards, Cheney campaigned in Florida. Try as they might, "John Kerry and John Edwards cannot with tough talk obscure a record that goes back 30 years that had him (Kerry) on the wrong side of virtually every issue that dealt with national security," the vice president said.

Meanwhile, the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt, a symbol of American military might, entered the western Mediterranean Sea today and was heading toward the Adriatic Sea off the Yugoslav coast. Defense officials said it was likely to be ordered to stay in the Adriatic to join the NATO battle. 

Meanwhile, the aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt, a symbol of American military might, moved toward the Mediterranean. Defense officials said it was likely to be ordered to the Adriatic Sea off the Yugoslav coast. 

Mesic said the government should not compromise. "A country, regardless of its size or might, can be respected ... only if it sticks to its principles," he said.

On Thursday and Friday alone, these missiles killed seven soldiers and damaged three Israeli-made Merkava tanks _ mountains of steel that are vaunted as symbols of Israel's military might, the army said. Israeli media say most of the 45 soldiers killed in four weeks of fighting were hit by anti-tank missiles.

On national defense policy, the TSU believes that faced with the mainland's growing military might, Taiwan must step up its arms purchases, build missile defense system and strengthen its military capability.

Only a pay television channel and a small station that broadcasts in a very small reception area currently challenge the SABC's television might, while a handful of independent radio stations provide some alternative to the SABC domination.

Others said that the outcome of the gas crisis might, in fact, have positive effects, and they said since the chemical and metal industries operate on huge profits, that should help shield those sectors from any increase.

Pena's three-day visit fulfills a promise the United States made in September to upgrade unofficial ties with Taipei in recognition of the island's economic might, despite objections from China. 

President Jacques Chirac and his far-right challenger Jean-Marie Le Pen both want to bolster France's military might, but while Chirac supports a Europe-based defense strategy, domestic security dominates Le Pen's platform.

President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria, West Africa's military might, opened a state visit to Liberia on Monday, inspecting close-up a fledgling peace that his nation played a prime role in engineering.

Quoting the U.S. report, Lai said the U.S. has taken actions to counter China's growing military might, such as urging the European Union not to lift the arms embargo against China, listing the Taiwan Strait as part of the "common strategic objective" in its defence pact with Japan, and re-launching nuclear technology cooperation with India.

Screaming at the top of my almost crushed lungs I spun around and faced Trepidation for the first time since the Quavering Through QwaqDoom programme was run (before that it had just tagged along behind Intrepid and I). Then, with every gramme of my fury driven might, I slugged the poor thing in the jaw. 

Since launching economic reforms and opening in the 1980s, the world's most populous country has steadily gained political and economic might, especially in the Southeast Asian region, which it has traditionally regarded as its sphere of influence.

Since launching economic reforms and opening up in the 1980s, the world's most populous country has steadily gained political and economic might, especially in the Southeast Asian region, which it has traditionally regarded as its sphere of influence.

Soong also reaffirmed that both sides should resume peaceful dialogue as soon as possible, and not try to solve problems through military expansion. Faced with a mainland China that is beginning to show its economic might, he said that time will not be on the side of those who do not grasp the chance.

South Korea's global ranking jumped to 11th place from last year's 24th place, reflecting its rapidly growing competitive might, the report says.

Speaking on national television Tuesday might, Prime Minister Pascoal Mocumbi warned that strike calls would undermine efforts to rebuild the country's economy, ravaged by years of civil war.

Taiwan will carry out a large-scale exercise around October 10 to show off its military might, President Lee Teng-hui said Tuesday.

That is one reason that Washington is pushing Europeans to make a bigger contribution to NATO's military might, to modernize Europe's armed forces and close the capability gap with the United States. 

The Communists, meanwhile, attacked Yeltsin on the military front. Long trying to capture the military vote with promises of restoring Soviet armed might, they unveiled a dlrs 3.9 billion (19 trillion rubles) plan Wednesday of social protection for servicemen. 

The Pentagon on Monday expressed a range of concerns about China's growing military might, including what it called a lack of transparency that posed risks to regional and international stability.

The Thai government must negotiate with Muslims instead of resorting to military might, Nik Aziz, who is also Kelantan chief minister, told The Associated Press on Saturday at the party headquarters in Pengkalan Chepa.

The Thai government must negotiate with Muslims instead of resorting to military might, said Nik Aziz Nik Mat, spiritual leader of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party, or PAS, which rules Malaysia's northeastern Kelantan state bordering Thailand.

The U.S. needs to do more to prod the Indian and Pakistani leaders to contain the developing crisis against backdrop of daily exchanges of fire across the Line of Control. Face-to-face talks are needed as dialogue and diplomacy, not military might, offers the only viable solution to the festering problem. 

The US defence chief downplayed past US rhetoric on China's military might, alluding only in passing to a recent Pentagon report on Beijing's drive to reshape its armed forces.

The asbestos-contaminated French aircraft carrier Clemenceau, which has struggled to find a foreign country willing to dismantle it, will be broken up in Britain, officials said Tuesday.The ship, once a proud symbol of France's naval might, will be broken up by a company called Able UK whose shipyard is in the northeast of England, the defence ministry said in a statement.

The asbestos-contaminated French aircraft carrier Clemenceau, which was towed half-way across the globe in a failed bid to have it dismantled, will be broken up in Britain, officials said Tuesday.Once a proud symbol of France's naval might, the ship will be broken up by a company called Able UK whose shipyard is in the northeast of England, the defence ministry said in a statement.

The asbestos-contaminated French aircraft carrier Clemenceau, which was towed to India in a failed bid to have it dismantled there, will be broken up in Britain, officials said Tuesday.Once a proud symbol of France's naval might, the ship will be broken up by a company called Able UK whose shipyard is in the northeast of England, the defence ministry said in a statement.

The bloody five-year Palestinian intifada, seemingly impervious to Israeli military might, has left a state counting the cost of an occupation sheltering 8,000 settlers hemmed in by 1.3 million impoverished Palestinians.

The change came in recognition of Taiwan's economic might, which has made it the United States' fifth largest trading partner, and of its rapidly developing democracy and improved human rights record. 

The figures might, however, give the Federal Reserve pause for thought in its current programme of tightening US borrowing costs, pundits said.

The long-term challenge is mainland China's growing economic might, he said.

The participating heads of state expressed their affirmation about the ROC's economic might, and said they hope that they can make inroads into Asian markets by using Taiwan as a springboard.

The pragmatists in the United States have said that faced with the threat of China's growing military might, the only way to check that country's expansionist ambitions is for the United States to possess a superior military force and for all free, democratic and peace-loving countries to unite to promote world peace, he continued.

The release of the budget figures came after the Pentagon published a report that expressed concern about China's growing military might, saying a lack of transparency posed risks to regional and international stability.

The restrictions, dating back to the Cold War, were intended to prevent the spread of technology that might help America's adversaries strengthen their military might, in particular their missiles and nuclear capability. 

The revolt was finally crushed the following month when thousands of Soviet troops overran the country. "After 15 years under the heel first of Nazi Germany and then Communist Russia, Hungary got a whiff of intoxicating freedom in late October," Marton wrote. "Then came Sunday, Nov. 4. Budapest was awakened by the roaring of guns. By authoritative estimate, Russians had moved 4,600 tanks and between 180,000 and 200,000 men into Hungary to crush the revolution. Againest this might, Hungary had nine divisions of 90,000 men or less, equipped with obsolete weapons, and kids, some with guns."

The size of nations is irrelevant. The international community should not, in fear of China's military might, demand that Taiwan keep quiet. Nor should it, out of concern for commercial interests, turn a blind eye to China's military intimidation and diplomatic suppression of Taiwan, or to its "united front" economic warfare against Taiwan.

The slowdown in defence spending is aimed at reassuring neighbouring states who have become increasingly concerned about China's growing military might, analysts said.

The soldier's capture raised acute emotions among Israelis because he has highlighted a weakness despite the country's military might, said academic Yossi Klein Halevi.

The statement said it is too soon to say where he might visit might, or whether it would be feasible, given the pope's many other commitments.

There was talk that Orlando might, out of spite, throw a wrench into Hardaway's plans _ and Phoenix's _ by refusing to sign and trade him, thereby forcing Hardaway to sign with Chicago, the Clippers or Toronto if he wanted anything approaching the seven-year, dlrs 92 million deal he would get from Phoenix. 

They were poor in a desultory first half and their frustrations at one stage threatened to boil over as Jon Obi Mikel clattered into Scott Parker with a crude challenge which might, on another afternoon, have earned a red card.

Thirteen 13 whites including Malan and others who once controlled South Africa's military might, and seven blacks were accused of planning and carrying out the Jan. 21, 1987 massacre of 13 people _ including six children _ at a house in the KwaMakutha black township south of Durban. According to the indictment and supporting documents, attackers were looking for black anti-apartheid activist Victor Ntuli when they opened fire on the house with AK-47 assault rifles. Ntuli wasn't home, and all the victims were relatives or friends. 

This marks the first time that Taiwan has been surpassed by its main rival, South Korea, in the annual WEF report. South Korea's global ranking jumped to 11th place from last year's 24th place, reflecting its rapidly growing competitive might, the WEF report says.

This meant he had to exercise diplomatic skill to overcome a world still wary of German might, but he has had no difficulty since in proving that under him the united Germany remains a pillar of the western allied order.

This might, for example, be a laser mounted on a Boeing 747 that could zap a hostile missile as it rises upward in the early phase of its flight. The Air Force is working on such a system, which it calls the airborne laser. Critics call this a ``scarecrow'' approach: erecting an ineffective defense in hopes that its mere existence will dissuade potential aggressors from challenging it. 

Ting said there are six key elements affecting Taiwan's national security: the credibility of national leaders, national identification and public support for the government, the economy, military might, cross-strait relations and the U.S. government's cross-strait policies.

Try as it might, Hollywood has yet to bump Hong Kong off the movie- making map when it comes to market share in Southeast Asia, movie mogul Raymond Chow says.

Try as they might, Swiss banks have been unable to wash their hands of a reputation for secrecy, subterfuge and association with money launderers. 

Try as they might, though, Celtic could not find the leveller and Clyde held on for a famous and deserved victory.

Two days later, an Abrams tank	_ a 68-ton (61.9-metric ton) symbol of U.S. Army might, _	was destroyed for the first time during the six-month-old occupation, blown off the road north of Baghdad by an insurgent land mine or makeshift bomb.

US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld departed early Thursday for Singapore for discussions with Asian policymakers on regional security issues, including North Korea's nuclear ambitions and China's growing military might, US defense officials said.

When practice finally resumed, Kubica moved up to fifth fastest but try as they might, none of the drivers could better Massa's final effort.

While he lives in Akademgorodok, a faded former center of Soviet scientific might, Bannov's company does almost all its work for clients in the United States and Europe. He is part of a new generation that has stemmed the brain drain that sapped the nation of many of its best and brightest following the Soviet collapse.

While massively outgunned by the US military might, the 15-member European Union (EU) underlined its determination to stick to a timetable to build its long-stalled Rapid Reaction Force.

While there was no public handshaking between the top Bosnian Serbs and Muslims who met at the august Hofburg Palace on Thursday to talk about their military might, they did make progress at the negotiating table. 

Without mentioning that U.S. missiles are also slated to be taken apart, the show strongly implied that the United States had selfishly engineered the reduction of Russia's military might, showing the destruction of the subs to a soundtrack of mournful classical music. Workers in interviews wondered why Russia was taking American money to disarm. 

Yet Tokyo has lately grown somewhat wary of Microsoft's might, trying to push for open-source software such as Linux not only in government but also in private-sector research and product development.

``He apparently decided to sail on another ship _ that of restoring the state might, the status of a world power, achieving parity with the West.'' 

``Iraq will persist, with all its might, in its resistance of the planes belonging to the American and British aggressors, which are violating our national airspace,'' Abdul-Ghafur told the agency. 

``It is an operation that will deliver greater security in the medium to longer term for this country and others against the nightmare scenario that chemical and biological weapons might, as a result of their proliferation among rogue states, fall into the hands of international terrorists,'' he said in a radio interview.

``There will be no bilateral talks in Islamabad. Because we want to use all our time, all our might, to make SAARC a success,'' Vajpayee said in an interview with Indian state-run television.

``We must fight terrorism with all our might, he said. But he added that terrorism can only be overcome by attacking its roots, especially poverty. ``We cannot overcome poverty by shooting the rifle or the gun, he said. 

``We must fight terrorism with all our might,'' he said. But he added that terrorism can only be overcome by attacking its roots, especially poverty. ``We cannot overcome poverty by shooting the rifle or the gun,'' he said. 

"A focus of Chinese concern has been on the security -- or, more properly, the insecurity -- of the sea lines of communication upon which almost all of China's energy imports travel," said Daniel Blumenthal, a former senior Pentagon official eyeing China's growing military might.

"A night-time blitz on Baghdad makes impressive TV coverage and reinforces the notion of US military might. The US dollar and British pound both rally.

"For years now, Washington has compromised that power by fearing to exercise it fully ... Mr. Bush needs a plan to restore American power in the Middle East. He has to move across the board with creative diplomacy, a full-scale economic effort, and a new way to credibly exercise US military might."

"It's good feeling to be at the top and we want to defend the lead with all our might."

"Of course, it cannot be excluded that this process might... (see) episodes of discontinuity, perhaps also including financial crises somewhere down the line. Therefore, the current developments call for constant monitoring and cooperation in the international community," he said.

"The impact of oil prices on local economies is extremely big," Nikai said. "This is the subject the entire government should handle with all its might."

"They shouldn't dare to even raise a hand against a policeman or a soldier," Sharon declared during a meeting with soldiers who weathered the clash with settlers on Monday. "We will act against (them) with all our might."

"We are insignificant compared to China's might. We have no means to challenge China's authority except for prayers," says Nyima Gyalpo, an activist in Nepal's exile community.

-- BC-AS-GEN--MYANMAR-MILITARY MIGHT. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Paranoid and xenophobic, Myanmar junta leaders only know force in dealing with critics. Moved. By Michael Casey. AP Photo DLL101.

--BC-AS-GEN--MYANMAR-MILITARY MIGHT. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Hunkered down in war rooms far from mass protests, Myanmar's aging, hard-line generals are a suspicious lot who view the West with disdain and rely on browbeaten advisers and astrologers to guide them. Moved. By Michael Casey. AP Photo DLL101.

--BC-AS-GEN--MYANMAR-MILITARY MIGHT. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Myanmar's aging, hard-line generals are a suspicious lot who view the West with disdain and rely on browbeaten advisers and astrologers to guide them. Moved. By Michael Casey. AP Photo DLL101.

--BC-AS-GEN--MYANMAR-MILITARY MIGHT. BANGKOK, Thailand -- Paranoid and xenophobic, Myanmar junta leaders only know force in dealing with critics. Moved.

A mysterious Chinese company has bought a retired Russian aircraft carrier from South Korea, sparking fears that China might use it to boost its military might. 

A total of 23,000 people were assigned to work in the building when American Airlines flight 77 departed from Washington Dulles airport. The Boeing 757, still loaded with ane flew low across Arlington toward the symbol of US military might. But the hijackers could not get to the side where Defexpected to visit the Pentagon to observe a minute of silence at 9:37am (1337 GMT) for those who lost their lives there.

Among the Gulf Arab countries, only Qatar and Oman enjoy good ties with Iran. The other Gulf states are wary of Iran's formidable military might. 

Antony Chang, an economist at Shih Chien University, said the authorities must "separate political ideology from economic policy-making" and focus on enhancing the island's competitiveness against China's rapidly growing economic might.

Armenia's Foreign Minister Vartan Oskanian responded at the end of his own speech to the summit, with a call to the EU to make it clear to Azerbaijan that the Nagorno-Karabakh dispute will not be resolved using military might.

As American troops struggled to remove the wreckage of the Chinook from an open field west of Baghdad, officials from the US-led coalition were racing to deny the incident was a blow to security and to the US air might.

As a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the most important country in the European Union, Germany already possesses what Japan does not have _ global political clout in addition to its economic might. (pe-jrm) 

As a result, it will be more difficult for Saddam to mobilize his army and send it south to threaten Kuwait or Saudi Arabia, two countries that can't match Iraq's military might. 

Asked about possible adverse effects on Taiwan's economic development with the closer economic ties between the mainland and ASEAN, Yeh said Taiwan ranks between 15th and 17th in world trade, showing its strong economic might.

At the height of the Cold War, Sweden had one of the world's strongest militaries. Now, the thaw between East and West has melted its might. 

Australia has downplayed these reports, but Tokyo is pushing for the expansion of its three-way security partnership to include India to counter China's military might.

Brig. Gen. Ahmad Dadbin, commander of the army's ground forces, told the Kayhan Havai weekly that last month's military maneuvers in which 200,000 troops took part were proof of Iran's might. 

British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday called for a "complete renaissance" of the global approach to tackling extremism, with as much emphasis on "soft" power as military might.

British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Tuesday was to call for a "complete renaissance" of the global approach to tackling extremism, with as much emphasis on "soft" power as military might.

But New Delhi, a founder of the Nonaligned Movement of 116 mostly developing nations, now has one of the world's fastest-growing economies and is tired of being seen as crying poor. It has politely turned down the unprecedented offers of money and military might.

But beyond the close and somewhat burdensome -- in terms of hosting tens of thousands of US troops -- alliance with Washington, Japan has aspirations towards greater multilateral ties -- all the more urgent given neighbouring China's increasing might.

But the president sets the government's philosophical and rhetorical tone, including its foreign policy, and the carefully spoken Medvedev so far has shown little of Putin's penchant for provocative criticisms of the West or bold assertions of Russia's reviving military might.

Chen further expressed his hope that Beijing can understand its international duty as a big power. "Beijing should refrain from intimidating Taiwan by flexing its military might. Such move would jeopardize Asia-Pacific stability. We hope Beijing can devote more energy to mainland China's democratic reforms. We believe that mainland China's political evolution is far more important than settlement of the Taiwan Strait issue and is in the interest of people in the entire Asia-Pacific region," he added.

Chen said the world should not expect Taiwan's people to keep quiet just because China is intimidating Taiwan with its military might.

China has been vying with Taiwan for diplomatic recognition from Taiwan's allies in recent years, using its growing international political and economic might. Several countries have switched recognition from Taiwan to China in the past couple of years, with Taiwan's remaining allies numbering only 24 currently.

China observed the 69th anniversary of the founding of its People's Liberation Army Thursday with a pledge to beef up the nation's military might. 

China's has poured enormous amounts of funding and effort into its secretive, military-linked space program, regarding it as a symbol both of national prestige and the country's growing technological and economic might.

China's leaders have coined the term "peaceful rise" to reassure neighbouring states that they are not under threat from its growing military and economic might.

China's military expansion is aimed at increasing its influence in Asia, in particular toward Taiwan and the U.S. military deployment in the Far East, he said, warning that future uncertainties will loom large in the region along with China's growing military might.

China, which hosts the six-nation talks, used its speech to the meeting to criticise what it called a "Cold War mentality" aimed at counter-balancing its growing military might.

Chinese military missiles took centre stage at the Zhuhai airshow Tuesday with the debut showing of some 100 weapons and aerospace products, showcasing the country's economic and military might.

Chu said that only five of the eight ships are returning to their bases in eastern and northern China via the Taiwan Strait, adding that mainland China sent the warships to Hong Kong -- at the invitation of the Special Administrative Region's government -- mainly for domestic and foreign publicity and to display its naval might.

De Charette indicated France could further upgrade military links with NATO if the alliance agrees to reform defense structures to involve closer European cooperation as a counterbalance American military might. 

Democratic Senator John Kerry, one of the administration's most outspoken critics, assailed the White House for being unable to deftly use international diplomacy as a political tool, and for a too-ready reliance on military might.

Democratic Senator John Kerry, one of the administration's most outspoken critics, assailed the White House for what he said is its over-reliance on military might.

Democratic Senator John Kerry, one of the administration's most outspoken critics, assailed the White House for what he said is its too-ready reliance on military might.

Diplomats have been negotiating to increase the number of permanent members, perhaps adding Germany and Japan because of their economic might. 

During his meeting with de Valencia, Jiang also attempted to allay regional concerns over China's growing military might.

Even with the Cold War over and the Russians setting up liaison offices at NATO headquarters, Iceland hasn't lost its role in guarding the North Atlantic, providing location rather than military might. 

For decades Britain has been one of the first countries to back up support for U.S. policies with military might. Britain sent the second largest contingent to the Gulf War, and British warplanes still help enforce no-fly zones over Iraq. 

For decades Britain has been quick to back up support for U.S. policies with military might. Britain sent the second-largest contingent to the Gulf War, and British warplanes still help enforce no-fly zones over Iraq. 

For the first time since the Soviet collapse, the parade will feature ballistic missiles, tanks, jets and other weapons in what will be a symbolic show of Russia's resurgent military might.

French armed forces will still not be integrated under NATO command. But de Charette indicated France could further upgrade military links with NATO, if the alliance agrees to reform defense structures. He suggested that should involve closer European cooperation to counterbalance American military might. 

Furthermore, by procrastinating on peace, Israel will strengthen the hands of those who want to sabotage whatever has been built so far and will push Arab states to seek more devastating weapons to counter Israel's might. 

George W. Bush's victory in the U.S. presidential election is likely to prolong and even widen the trans-Atlantic rift, adding new urgency to a growing sense in Europe of the need for a balance to U.S. might.

German Foreign Minister Klaus Kinkel said Wednesday Japan and Germany should work out a ``joint agenda'' on urgent global issues, and stressed the need for political responsibility in proportion to economic might. 

Germany, along with Japan, long has lobbied for permanent membership in the 15-member council, saying it should have political influence that matches its economic might. 

He also contended that terrorism cannot be overcome so long as the world ignores people humiliated ``by the arrogance of power of those who possess unchallenged military might.'' 

He also said that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs spends around NT$13.7 billion (US$400.58 million), or half of its budget, to assist more than 20 allies, and urged the government to rethink its diplomatic policy, especially given mainland China's growing economic might.

He argued in favor of Taipei's repeated calls for equality with Beijing, claiming that the entities represented by the two governments are far more equal than their differences in territorial size would indicate, if measured in terms of their economic might.

He called the program a pragmatic and realistic way ``to restore the country's economic might.'' 

He has advocated an end to the country's staunch pacifism imposed by the United States after World War II and the development of a military on a par with the Asian superpower's economic might.

He said the 44 Tomahawk cruise missiles fired from US warships and B-52 bombers had accomplished Washington's mission of curbing President Saddam Hussein's military might.

Historians argue the first two stanzas speak of India's natural splendor, but the other four can be interpreted as an incantation of rising Hindu might.

Hours after the second barrage of cruise missiles was launched, Clinton on Wednesday said the US offensive had accomplished its mission of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

However, he continued, the United States and Japan already have a military cooperation mechanism and security treaty in place that has prepared them to deal with any contingencies in the region, including China's growing military might.

Hsieh said Sha's remarks demonstrate Beijing's arrogance with its newly gained clout in the international arena as China has subtly translated its economic prowess into political and military might.

Implicitly, the ceremonies once again underline the fact that the reunited Germany has now fully recovered its sovereignty after decades of division through military might.

In Iraq, Saddam said Chavez's visit was proof that the country was not completely at the mercy of U.S. military and diplomatic might. 

In March Bhutan issued an ultimatum to ULFA to vacate its camps by June 30, failing which it said the government would remove them by military might.

In a sign of changing priorities, Communist China honoured several capitalists on the day Beijing once dedicated to a show of state solidarity and military might.

In a sign of changing priorities, however, Communist China honoured several capitalists on the day Beijing once dedicated to a show of state solidarity and military might.

In his speech, Vajpayee said India's space programme had been put under the scanner many times because of "unfounded suspicions" about whether New Delhi would use foreign technology to enhance its military might.

In the depressed northeastern city of Shenyang, for example, authorities are offering some companies for pennies in a desperate attempt to bring in new ownership. At stake are desperately needed tax revenues. Revitalized companies _ whether state-owned or private _ pay local government taxes. Money losers can't. In the early 1990s, he published a small literary magazine called Might. It lasted only a few issues. 

Independence Day, a science fiction thriller directed by Roland Emmerich, tells the story of aliens trying to destroy the Earth only to be thwarted by an American-Jewish scientist and computer genius backed by US military might.

India has politely turned down the unprecedented offers of money and military might. But in Indonesia, hardest hit by the tsunami, survivors expressed thanks during Powell's visit.

Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has rejected the ultimatum set by the soldier's captors for Arab prisoners to be released, instead turning up the heat on the Palestinians, stressing that "no one was immune" from Israel's military might.

It considers itself unallied, though the Folha de Sao Paulo said that Brazil's military leaders "have an expectation" that Washington will now make overtures to bring the country into the US orbit to counter Venezuela's rising might.

Japan and Germany are considered leading contenders for permanent seats on the Security Council. But some Third World countries have been pressing for greater representation on the council by region, and criteria other than economic and military might.

Japan renounced war in a new constitution adopted after its defeat in World War II, but in recent years has been called upon to play a wider role in preserving global security commensurate to its economic might.

Liu suggested that Taiwan manufacturers use Paraguay as a base of production and trade, saying that it will mean the extension of the ROC's trade and economic might.

Lu said the People's Republic of China, whose territory is 257 times as large as Taiwan's and whose population is 67 times as large, is using all possible means to suppress Taiwan in the international arena and threatening Taiwan with its military might.

MOSCOW -- Russia's presidential election on Sunday marks a symbolic end to the country's tortured post-Soviet odyssey from poverty and despair to economic might. Along the way, Russia has embraced a rigid political orthodoxy -- call it Putinism -- that is likely to last well beyond the end of Vladimir Putin's presidency. By Douglas Birch. AP Photos.

NATO troops enforcing Bosnia's peace have come under fire four times in three days and a spokesman warned on Sunday they will blast back with increasing might. 

National Security Council spokesman P.J. Crowley believes the replacement agency will be better positioned than Ritter to make judgments about Iraqi military might. 

Ogawa and Takayoshi Igarashi, a professor of law at Tokyo's Hosei University, spoke at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan about the need to slash both public works spending and the debt if Japan is to regain its economic might. 

Opinion polls late last year indicated that 60 percent of Ukrainians were opposed to Yushchenko's plans to join the alliance, set up during the Cold War to counter Soviet military might.

Over the past 10 years, Taiwan has evolved into a fully fledged democracy with direct presidential elections and public referendums, but in the meantime an authoritarian China has remained unchanged in nature, continuously seeking to resolve disputes through military might.

Pavel Felgenhauer, defence and national security editor for Sevodnya newspaper, said Russia's disastrous military performance in Chechnya had destroyed the Cold War myth of Moscow's invincible military might.

Philippe's pronouncements, coupled with threats to arrest Prime Minister Yvon Neptune, a close Aristide ally who remained in office after the president's resignation, have drawn scorn from Washington where officials predicted the rebels would fade in the face of overwhelming might.

President Bill Clinton hailed the US military offensive against Iraq as a success and said it had accomplished its mission of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

President Bill Clinton on Wednesday hailed the US military offensive against Iraq as a success and said it had accomplished its mission of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

President Bill Clinton on Wednesday hailed the US military offensive against Iraq as a success and said it had achieved the goal of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

President Bill Clinton on Wednesday hailed the US military strikes against Iraq as a success and said they had achieved the goal of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

President Vladimir Putin sternly urged the military Monday to identify and correct the flaws that plagued last month's military exercises, marring his efforts to revive Russia's military might.

Professor Wei Ai of National Chengchi University said that since mainland China launched economic reforms in 1978, economic development in the mainland has been moving rapidly. Economic reforms have brought about an increase in income for its people, the booming development of its rural regions and an expansion in foreign trade, which has contributed greatly to its increased economic might.

Prueher said he got an impression through talks with mainland Chinese military leaders that they all attach great importance to national security and want to beef up mainland China's military might. "But I didn't feel that its top military brass hold an especially harsh attitude toward Taiwan," he added.

Putin has been at his most confrontational when criticizing the West and asserting Russia's military might. While he has said he would not encroach on the new president's powers, he has also said he expects to retain responsibility for national defense.

Reformer Grigory Yavlinsky is trying unite pro-reform democrats behind his own candidacy, while retired Gen. Alexander Lebed hopes to win on a nationalist platform of restoring Russia's greatness and military might. 

Rumsfeld flatly rejected a suggestion that the Iraq war has hampered Washington's ability to respond to emerging challenges in east Asia such as China's growing military might.

Russia's presidential elections Sunday mark a symbolic end to the country's tortured post-Soviet odyssey from poverty and despair to economic might. But along the way, Russia has embraced a rigid political orthodoxy -- call it Putinism -- which the Kremlin has used to crush the independence of political parties, civil society and the media.

Segolene Royal, a socialist campaigning to become France's first woman president, was due to leave for China on Friday to promote trade and discuss French fears of the Asian country's growing economic might.

Segolene Royal, a socialist hoping to become France's first female president, on Saturday began a visit to China in which she is expected to raise French concerns over China's growing economic might.

She said she favored collective leadership of the party after years of incessant infighting between party factions that eroded the DPP's might.

She went on to say that the distinguishing characteristic of the 20th century has been that major powers have always worried others for their demonstration of "hard national power" -- economic and military might.

Soldiers march by on a third screen. Sailors salute. Warships fire into a darkening sky. The hammer-and-sickle symbol looms behind a bemedalled general. Military might. 

Taiwan's Vice Defense Minister Tsai Ming-hsien said Wednesday the Chinese communist forces might attack the island in the coming years and called for the passage of a special budget seeking to boost the island's military might.

The "evil" trio of North Korea, Iran and Iraq that President George W. Bush has vowed to bring to heel is united in the quest to find weapons powerful enough to counter US military might.

The Duma's impeachment campaign started long before Russia's latest, unfolding financial crisis. The Communist-led opposition in the Duma has accused Yeltsin of instigating the collapse of the Soviet Union, causing Russia to lose much of its wealth and military might. 

The US military also warned of possible attaere deployed in a security shield thrown up around Washington, and military jets patrolled the skies above the capital and Ntacks by al-Qaeda suicide commandos who turned hijacked airliners into flying bombs against the World Trade Centre and the Pentagon, symbols of US corporate and military might.

The United States would like strengthen sanctions against Iran to curb the reconstruction of its military might.

The anti-military rock rebellion of the 1960s fused with the display of 1990s US military might.

The example of Ireland had shown that the power of the US abroad went beyond military might. "It was all about values. We should do nothing at home that undermines our ability to project those values to the rest of the world."

The factory towns of East Asia are latter-day reflections of Pittsburgh or Essen in the 1950s, soot-darkened zones of concentrated manufacturing might. Following Japan's lead, South Korea has become a world leader in steel, autos, petrochemicals and shipbuilding. Now, China is on the same course, and it relies heavily on coal, the major source of CO2. Coal-fired stoves, belching black smoke and dripping syrupy black residue, are the main source of warmth in Chinese cities. Isolated North Korea is even more heavily hooked on coal. Yet many officials in East Asia say the blame lies not with them but with the West's dirty past. ``Our industrial history is too short to have made any changes in global climate,'' says Cho Han Jin, an assistant director at South Korea's Ministry of the Environment. 

The heavily armed militants holding hundreds of hostages at a school for a third day Friday have made no public demands and authorities say it is not yet clear what they want _ but analysts suggest the main goal may be to show their might.

The holiday has lost much of its significance for most Russians since the Soviet era, when May 1 was a major celebration of worker solidarity and Soviet might. Most people now use the holiday to spend a long weekend at their country homes.

The impeachment campaign started long before Russia's latest, unfolding financial crisis. The Communist-led opposition in the Duma has accused Yeltsin of instigating the collapse of the Soviet Union, causing Russia to lose much of its wealth and military might. 

The mainland China's defense white paper, released Monday, offers a gloomy assessment of ties with Taiwan and justifies a stronger military by pointing in part to growing U.S. might.

The military has hailed Putin's ascent as the last hope to restore its former might. 

The new zloty has shown its might. 

The plans were slammed by a group of generals and senior officers in a full-page commentary in Le Figaro in late June, which said the doctrine lacked coherence and would significantly reduce France's military might.

The president later activated a "peace" ceremony in which a laser beam that originated from a 20- meter tall balloon representing the "pearl of democracy," which hit a red "sea urchin" -- another balloon with numerous spikes representing the approximately 700 missiles Beijing has deployed along its coastal provinces targeting Taiwan -- to show that the "beam of democracy can crush military might."

The president's record on Afghanistan shows his willingness to use U.S. military might. But he has not clarified how he intends to rout evil governments since his declamation in a State of the Union speech Tuesday night. 

The push for closer US military ties with India comes amid US concerns about China's growing military might.

The ruling Communisty Party has trumpeted the Games as the coming of age of a nation that has wowed the world with its economic and political might.

Tibetan exile groups face China's might.

To some Europeans, such ideas risk making labor unaffordable and squandering the continent's economic might. British Prime Minister Tony Blair, in particular, is trying to lead a reassessment of the generous social protections that some associate with Europe's very identity.

US President Bill Clinton meanwhile hailed the American strikes against Iraq as a success and said they had achieved the goal of curbing the Iraqi leader's military might.

US President Bill Clinton meanwhile hailed the strikes against Iraq as a success and said they had achieved the goal of curbing the Iraqi leader's military might.

US President Bill Clinton on Wednesday hailed the US military strikes against Iraq as a success and said they had achieved the goal of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

US President Bill Clinton on Wednesday hailed the attacks on southern Iraq as a success and said they had achieved the goal of curbing Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's military might.

Wednesday's ceremony offered an unusual demonstration of this military might. 

Wednesday's meeting near Strasbourg, just across the Rhine from Germany, was meant to offset German-French acrimony at the European Union summit in December in Nice, France. Even before Nice, diverging ideas about Europe's future were straining ties between Berlin and Paris, adding to old French fears of German domination due to its larger size and economic might. 

When the Cold War was at its iciest, Sweden's military was one of the world's strongest. Now the warming political climate is melting away its might. 

With George W. Bush apparently heading toward victory in the U.S. presidential election, the trans-Atlantic rift is only likely to widen _ adding new urgency to a growing sense in Europe of the need for a balance to U.S. might.

Zapatero has been urging voters to turn out in high numbers. His party's motto is "Vote with all your might."

_the World Trade Center, favored by Mohammed, whose nephew Yousef was in prison for the 1993 bombing of the towers that represented America's financial might.

