"They are trying to make us forget our history. We must resist this with revolutionary might," the archbishop told a group of school children in northern Greece.

"With such might, who can possibly compete with us?" Dzhabrailov says gazing at the sea of green covering the Caucasian republic where Russian soldiers have been fighting Chechen separatists for four years.

Although a close US ally, Amman has so far steadfastly rejected any suggestion it might,p%tve as a key launch-pad for a US-led strike on Iraq, which supplies all Jordan's oil.

Hopes that the FNL might, like other armed groups drawn from Burundi's large Hutu majority, reach a peace deal with the government were raised in January when President Domitien Ndayizeye met leaders of the movement for the first time, in the Netherlands.

Hosokawa departed from the text of his address to comment in an oblique reference to the United States: "Some member countries enjoyed the Thanksgiving holidays last week, which might, I'm afraid, affect the pace of negotiations."

Speaking on national television Tuesday might, Prime Minister Pascoal Mocumbi warned that strike calls would undermine efforts to rebuild the country's economy, ravaged by years of civil war.

While he lives in Akademgorodok, a faded former center of Soviet scientific might, Bannov's company does almost all its work for clients in the United States and Europe. He is part of a new generation that has stemmed the brain drain that sapped the nation of many of its best and brightest following the Soviet collapse.

"Of course, it cannot be excluded that this process might... (see) episodes of discontinuity, perhaps also including financial crises somewhere down the line. Therefore, the current developments call for constant monitoring and cooperation in the international community," he said.

Historians argue the first two stanzas speak of India's natural splendor, but the other four can be interpreted as an incantation of rising Hindu might.

In the depressed northeastern city of Shenyang, for example, authorities are offering some companies for pennies in a desperate attempt to bring in new ownership. At stake are desperately needed tax revenues. Revitalized companies _ whether state-owned or private _ pay local government taxes. Money losers can't. In the early 1990s, he published a small literary magazine called Might. It lasted only a few issues.

Philippe's pronouncements, coupled with threats to arrest Prime Minister Yvon Neptune, a close Aristide ally who remained in office after the president's resignation, have drawn scorn from Washington where officials predicted the rebels would fade in the face of overwhelming might.

The military has hailed Putin's ascent as the last hope to restore its former might.

Mesic said the government should not compromise. "A country, regardless of its size or might, can be respected ... only if it sticks to its principles," he said.

Screaming at the top of my almost crushed lungs I spun around and faced Trepidation for the first time since the Quavering Through QwaqDoom programme was run (before that it had just tagged along behind Intrepid and I). Then, with every gramme of my fury driven might, I slugged the poor thing in the jaw.

South Korea's global ranking jumped to 11th place from last year's 24th place, reflecting its rapidly growing competitive might, the report says.

The Communists, meanwhile, attacked Yeltsin on the military front. Long trying to capture the military vote with promises of restoring Soviet armed might, they unveiled a dlrs 3.9 billion (19 trillion rubles) plan Wednesday of social protection for servicemen.

This marks the first time that Taiwan has been surpassed by its main rival, South Korea, in the annual WEF report. South Korea's global ranking jumped to 11th place from last year's 24th place, reflecting its rapidly growing competitive might, the WEF report says.